09-01: Thought of an idea I would like to make into an app. An interactive story, like a text-based-game.
10-01: The app is going to have a safe-file system and a single screen into which the story is displayed, Martijn gives the OK for this.
11-01: Started seeing of the basic functionality is possible, meaning a single screen with scrolling text and a button to make more text appear.
12-01: I have the scrolling text ready and made a welcome screen in some free time, the welcome screen has a custom dialog to prompt the user for his name which serves a the name for the file under which user story-progress is saved.
13-01: tried to implement firebase but not sure if I want to use firebase for this app
16-01: Im using sharedprefences now for saving the users progress, users can select their file and their progress is saved under a key-value pair, users create their key and the saved progress is the value.
17-01: Sharedpreferences keys now show up in a listview for the user to select his/her name from.
18-01: SharedPrefs hold filename + value, value corresponds to progress in story. Story_activity no longer works with scrollview and multiple textviews but with a scrollable textview. Work on buttons: they are mutually exclusive and clickable only once. Still needs work: they have to become clickable again when the next choice has to be made, and they have to have a different text and effect on the story.
23-01: I worked on file IO and how to combine it with my code. It turned out to be kind of easy but it took me a while to figure it out. The story.txt file has the text for the story, the text for the choicebuttons and the codes for the text. These are splitted using the split function and can thus be processed and put in the right place.
24-01: Phone crashed constantly today, took ages to fix a bug... But I added a toolbar with a wikipedia Icon, clicking on the icon opens a webview inside a fragment. Pressing back button takes user back to where he was in the app.
25-01: I worked on a story and implementing it for the user. I struggled with the way the correct lines show up and kind of changed my idea/method to do this. At first every choice was symbolized by either a 1 or a 2, these were added to a string which would keep track of the progress and what text to display. The problem I faced was that I did not want every choice to lead to a different story-branch, as it would mean a huge branch of different stories. I tried to make different branches merge again but this lead to problems for my line-identification code.
26-01: I came up with an idea for yesterdays problem and a nice implementation for the wiki-functionality. I want to implement loops in a story where the user can find cue's for an answer and entering this answer can exit the loop and continue the story. The branching of the story is no longer part of the app, it progresses lineairly while the choices made tick on a certain score function. This later leads to the branching of the story and to different possible endings.
